and well hello to all to any non actor
that we find ourselves today for a
new video
I love is for the video so the
part 2-2 because yesterday I have you
proposed a video on the codes of
nieces like what there were big
banishment so thanks to whom thanks to
his case so here it is not finished
the Americans have posted stuff on
messenger forums just like what
they have they have driven us all
just because in fact on his dns
there were cds stiller so for
that they have a thick roger waite
I think they understand my language
but for those who do not have oil
of break I'll explain to you a little
cd What's that mean it has
consolidated which allows you to connect
at the psn so had with the dns and recovers
your ideas and after ben that's all
simply ashamed and so you have it
so what do you need to do an update
after 3.55 for your ps3
roma so I'm really sorry but
do not tell it to me me I raise
yesterday I warned you afterwards there are some
still who did they have they did they have
not have to see the videos not if there's not
that me like youtube hours that
warns they did not have to see the
videos
so here is frankly done the epa has
been your bullshit by a month of menus
for me I have money going to do
activities I do not know if you want
of money I skated in my session me
it is this as a ban
I have no menu I do with a pool and
there are 108 balloon here if you want to
the money come in my session i'll you in
willingly give that to avoid you
to beat like assholes so
that's it, stop it if you do not
not your ps3 either at this is because
I have several subscribers who is that they
turn on their console that can even
not log in to their account these
Nordic this is drive to
block their accounts all their courses
have all their account of their pay so
actually it's his ideas that is
dead we see there I can change my
cd simply because I like chip
3g break
so here and for those who do not have
ps3 I would like all my subscribers did
not a ps ranged break so here you are
have it in the game simply
to go to me I wanted it's Thursday by everything
the world I like for new videos
and for those who want money my
pc will be displayed on the screen
wait I go back clack clack
Greece'm looking for is what psn
the fake success requests pts hop that's it
where are you inviting your case that is
with me in the party wait I
find her psn either you add your
case that is there so if you see that I
do not answer you add your case
and then here I am, I wanted to tell you
with everyone and it will be up to the 15
millions per person
I really did not want to do more
Here go hi everyone we
do not forget to let go of you
subscribe to the youtube channel and
share this video on the networks
social is dropped a little comment
nice here you go hello all
world